docs: create section covering git bisect (#76)
RoostingGeese/git-gosling: docs/advanced_topics/use_git_bisect_to_find_bugs.md

---
id: use_git_bisect_to_find_bugs
title: Use git bisect to find bugs
---

## What is Git bisect?

> Say your project has a bug, but it was working fine before.

Author: ```suggestion
Your project used to work fine, but now it has a bug.
```

Now you need to find out which commit caused this bug.
You can use `git bisect` to find the exact commit that introduced the bug.

> ## What is the basic process

Author: ```suggestion
## The basic process
```

When you start `git bisect` you'll have to tell Git which commit is bad, and which commit is good.
Git will then run a binary search, to find the exact commit that introduced the bug.

> On each commit in the binary search, `git bisect` will ask you: is this commit good or bad?

Author: ```suggestion
On each commit in the binary search, `git bisect` will ask you if the commit is good or bad.
```
